various fixes for broken links (#305)
DHP-stottepakke/pages: pages/dmp_supporting_info/support_03_legal_ethics.md

#### How will you document participants information and/or consent?
Documenting permissions form study participants to share data is crucial to making research data available, and often difficult or impossible to obtain in retrospect. It is therefore essential to include information about planned data sharing in the participant information letter and/or consent forms. 

> Ideally, the permission should be requested in a granular way, with distinct permission to making data available. Unfortunately, guidance on this topic and examples of consent forms that are adapted to European legislation is not easily found, and the lines of what and when is possible is still being drawn up. Consult your [institutional research data management support services](/support_00_local_disc#institutional-rdm-support-alphabetical-order) if you are uncertain about formulations or need examples of how sharing and reuse of data including information about people can be possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ideally, the permission should be requested in a granular way, with distinct permission to making data available. Unfortunately, guidance on this topic and examples of consent forms that are adapted to European legislation is not easily found, and the lines of what and when is possible is still being drawn up. Consult your [institutional research data management support services](/pages/support_00_local_disc) if you are uncertain about formulations or need examples of how sharing and reuse of data including information about people can be possible.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Ideally, the permission should be requested in a granular way, with distinct permission to making data available. Unfortunately, guidance on this topic and examples of consent forms that are adapted to European legislation is not easily found, and the lines of what and when is possible is still being drawn up. Consult your [institutional research data management support services](/pages/support_00_local_disc#institutional-rdm-support-alphabetical-order) if you are uncertain about formulations or need examples of how sharing and reuse of data including information about people can be possible.
```
